---
title: Usage
---

## Getting started

After following the [installation](/installation) and configuration steps you can render any Confluence page composing
`CPV_BASEHOST:PORT + CPV_BASEPATH + /wiki/spaces/ + spaceKey + /pages/ + pageId`

## Formating your page

### Text

Any text in **bold** or _italics_, with colors or combination of bullet points and number lists will render beautifully with Konviw.

### Column layouts

konviw will display just fine both 2 column layouts and 3 column layout including full wide view or narrow view.

### Emojis

The HTML5 specification encourages to use the UTF-8 character set, which covers almost all of the characters and symbols in the world!
As Konviw use UTF-8 in the meta tag:

```html
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
```

we can use any emoji availalble directly from the Keyboard in Mac (via `cmd` + `ctrl` + `space`) or in Windows (via key `Win` + `;`).

::: warning
While you can use most of the Confluence emoticons available en the Atlassian toolbar, we encourage to use standard UTF-8 emojis as they are worldwide standard and will display well in any device.
:::

In addition standard UTF-8 emojis work also fine in the title of the pages while Confluence emojis just work in the page body.

### Action items

Action items will be rendered via Konviw as checked or unchecked standard checkboxes.

### Code

Display beautiful code is stratight forward with Konviw, just use the _Code Snippet_ from Confluence toolbar in edit mode and place your code.

For syntax highlight Konview users the library [Highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org) a JavaScript syntax highlighter with language auto-detection.

### Media files

Images and .gif files just work and come by default with a nice zooming effect so you can maximize the image to the whole viewport size. Zoom is disable when you scroll or click on the image.
To disable the zoom effect (for example in very small images) include the text `(nozoom)` in the Alt property of the image.

Videos uploaded in a Confluence page will work straight forward in modern browsers thanks to the HTML tag `<video>`.

Konviw will detect your draw.io diagrams and present the .png view automatically generated by Confluence and stored as an attachment. This feature is experimental as sometimes Confluence mess around the names of the .png views and the diagrams.

## Advance features

### Embedded konviw pages

You can simply embed your konviw pages in websites, MS Teams tabs or in other applications via iframes. To provide advance integration features konviw share some metadata with the parent window so you can resize the iframe dynamically based on the content or display the Url being loaded in the iframe.

- `frameHeight` dynamically share the height of the content
- `iframeUrl` with the full page Url
- `slug` of the space key
- `pageId` with the ID of the page
- `title` of the page
- `excerpt` of the page

For instance you can retrieve metadata in a Vue component with a method like this

```js
  methods: {
    LoadFrame(resize) {
      window.onmessage = (e) => {
        if (resize) {
          if (Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(e.data, 'frameHeight')) {
            document.getElementById('cpv-iframe').style.height = `${e.data.frameHeight + 30}px`
          }
          this.frameHeight = e.data.frameHeight
        }

        if (Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(e.data, 'iframeUrl')) {
          this.iframe = e.data.iframeUrl
        }
        if (Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(e.data, 'title')) {
          this.title = e.data.title
        }
        if (Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(e.data, 'excerpt')) {
          this.excerpt = e.data.excerpt
        }
        if (Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(e.data, 'pageId')) {
          this.pageId = e.data.pageId
        }
        if (Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(e.data, 'slug')) {
          this.slug = e.data.slug
          this.directUrl = `/${this.slug}/${this.pageId}`
        }
      }
    },
  },
```

### Turn pages into beatiful blog posts

Coming soon.

### Turn pages into online web presentations

Coming soon.
